[IMP] sales: updated time_materials for v16 (#5083)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/time_materials.rst

=====================================
Invoicing based on time and materials
=====================================

Invoicing based on time and/or materials is typically used when accurately estimating the size of a
project isn't possible, or when the requirements of a project may change.

This is different from a fixed-price contract, when a customer agrees to pay a specified total for
the fulfillment of the contract---no matter what needs to be paid to the employees, sub-contractors,
vendors, suppliers, and so on.

The Odoo *Sales* app can invoice for time and various other expenses (e.g. transport, lodging), as
well as purchases needed to fulfill an order.

App and settings configuration
==============================

First, in order to accurately keep track of the progress of a project, the Odoo *Project* and
*Accounting* apps **must** be installed.

> To install the *Project* app, navigate to :menuselection:`Odoo main dashboard --> Apps`. Then,
> on the :guilabel:`Apps` page, locate the :guilabel:`Project` app block, and click
> :guilabel:`Activate`. The page automatically refreshes and returns to the main Odoo dashboard, where
> the *Project* app is now available to access.

Reviewer: Early line break
```suggestion
To install the *Project* app, navigate to :menuselection:`Odoo main dashboard --> Apps`. Then, on
the :guilabel:`Apps` page, locate the :guilabel:`Project` app block, and click :guilabel:`Activate`.
The page automatically refreshes and returns to the main Odoo dashboard, where the *Project* app is
now available to access.
```

Repeat the same process to install the *Accounting* application.

After installation, click the :guilabel:`Accounting` app icon from the main Odoo dashboard, and
navigate to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`. On the :guilabel:`Settings` page, scroll
down to the :guilabel:`Analytics` section, and ensure the box next to :guilabel:`Analytic
Accounting` is checked.

.. image:: time_materials/analytic-accounting-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How it looks to activate the Analytic Accounting setting in Odoo Accounting Setting page.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

Then, navigate to :menuselection:`Odoo main dashboard --> Project app --> Configuration -->
Settings`. On the :guilabel:`Settings` page, in the :guilabel:`Time Management` section, ensure the
box beside the :guilabel:`Timesheets` feature is checked.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

.. image:: time_materials/timesheets-feature.png
   :align: center
   :alt: What the Timesheets feature looks like on the Odoo Project settings page.

> .. _sales/invoicing/time_materials/configured-service-product:

Reviewer: No need to add the doc name _/time_materials/_ in the custom anchor, the app name and parent folder are enough 🙂
```suggestion
.. _sales/invoicing/configured-service-product:
```

Service product configuration
=============================

With the *Timesheets* feature activated in the *Project* app, it is now possible to invoice for time
spent on a project, but **only** when the following product configurations have been made.

.. important::
   Invoicing for time spent on a project is **only** possible with products that have *Service* set
   as the *Product Type* on their product form.

To configure a service product, first navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Products -->
Products`. On the :guilabel:`Products` page, select the desired service product to be configured, or

> click :guilabel:`New` to create a new product..

Reviewer: See ya, extra period! 
```suggestion
click :guilabel:`New` to create a new product.
```

setting indicates that, when a sales order is created with this specific service product, a new
project and task is created in the *Project* app.

.. image:: time_materials/service-product-general-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The correct settings for Invoicing Policy and Create on Order fields for service product.

.. note::
   The option :guilabel:`Task` can be chosen instead from the :guilabel:`Create on Order` drop-down
   menu. If :guilabel:`Task` is chosen, select an existing project that the task will appear in from
   :guilabel:`Project` field, which only appears if :guilabel:`Task` is chosen in the
   :guilabel:`Create on Order` field.

Add time spent to sales order
=============================

After properly configuring a service product with the correct *Invoicing Policy* and *Create on
Order* options, it is possible to add time spent to a sales order.

To see that in action, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> New` to open a blank quotation
form. Then, proceed to add a :guilabel:`Customer`, and in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, click
:guilabel:`Add a product`, and select the properly :ref:`configured service product

> <sales/invoicing/time_materials/configured-service-product>` from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: Update reference after updating anchor
```suggestion
<sales/invoicing/configured-service-product>` from the drop-down menu.
```

links, located in the upper-left of the screen.

Back on the sales order form, the time that was added to the task is reflected in the
:guilabel:`Order Lines` tab (in the :guilabel:`Delivered` column) and in the new :guilabel:`Recorded
Hours` smart button at the top of the sales order.

To invoice the customer for time spent on the project, click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, and select
:guilabel:`Regular invoice` from the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window. Then, click
:guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice`.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Customer Invoice Draft`, clearly showing all the work that's been done
in the :guilabel:`Invoice Lines` tab.

.. tip::
   Pay attention to the :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` column in the :guilabel:`Customer
   Invoice`, as that information is necessary to ensure other time/material invoicing tasks are
   completed properly and accurately.

   .. image:: time_materials/invoice-lines-time.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Invoice draft showing time spent on sales order in Odoo Sales.

Click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the invoice and continue with the invoicing process.

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/invoicing_policy`

Reviewer: Update doc path to be relative
```suggestion
   :doc:`invoicing_policy`
```

>    - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/invoicing_policy`

Reviewer: No need for bullet on a single item in seealso, and update doc path to be relative please
```suggestion
   :doc:`invoicing_policy`
```

Expenses configuration
======================

In order to track and invoice expenses related to a sales order, the Odoo *Expenses* app **must** be
installed.

To install the *Expenses* app, navigate to :menuselection:`Odoo main dashboard --> Apps`. Then, on
the :guilabel:`Apps` page, locate the :guilabel:`Expenses` app block, and click
:guilabel:`Activate`.

The page automatically refreshes and returns to the main Odoo dashboard, where the
:guilabel:`Expenses` app is now available to access.

.. _sales/invoicing/add-expenses-sales-order:

Add expenses to sales order
===========================

To add an expense to a sales order, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Expenses` app. Then, from
the main *Expenses* dashboard, click :guilabel:`New`, which reveals a blank expense form.

> On the expense form, add a :guilabel:`Description` of the expense (e.g. Hotel Stay, Plane Ticket,
> etc.). Next, in the :guilabel:`Category` field, select the approrpiate option from the drop-down
> menu (e.g. Meals, Miles, Travel & Accomodation, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the expense form, add a :guilabel:`Description` of the expense (e.g. Hotel Stay, Plane Ticket
). Next, in the :guilabel:`Category` field, select the appropriate option from the drop-down
menu (e.g. Meals, Miles, Travel & Accommodation).
```

.. note::
   Expense categories can be added and modified by navigating to :menuselection:`Expenses app -->
   Configuration --> Expense Categories`.

Then, enter the total amount of the expense in the :guilabel:`Total` field, as well as any
:guilabel:`Included Taxes` that may apply. Next, ensure that the correct :guilabel:`Employee` is
selected, and designate who paid for the expense in the :guilabel:`Paid By` field: the

> :guilabel:`Employee (to reimburse)` or :guilabel:`Company`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Employee (to reimburse)` or the :guilabel:`Company`.
```

Next, in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field, select the appropriate sales order from the
drop-down menu. Then, select that same sales order information from the :guilabel:`Analytic
Distribution` field, as well.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` field will **only** have the corresponding sales order as
   an option if the sales order contains a service product that is billed based on Timesheets,
   Milestones, or Delivered Quantities.

.. image:: time_materials/expense-detail-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to properly fill out an expense form that's attached to a sales order in Odoo.

If there are any receipts that should be uploaded and attached to the expense, click the
:guilabel:`Attach Receipt` button, and upload the necessary documents to the expense. This is
**not** required, but it may affect whether or not an expense is approved.

When all the information has been entered, click :guilabel:`Create Report` to create an expense
report detailing all the expense information that was just entered.

.. image:: time_materials/expense-report-summary.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How an Expense Report Summary looks in Odoo Expenses.

> Then, there's the option to :guilabel:`Submit to Manager` for approval. Once approved the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, there's the option to :guilabel:`Submit to Manager` for approval. Once approved, the
```

:guilabel:`Report in Next Payslip` appears.

> To showcase a complete flow in this example, select :guilabel:`Submit to Manager`, then, the manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To showcase a complete flow in this example, select :guilabel:`Submit to Manager`. Then, the manager
```

would click :guilabel:`Approve` to approve this expense, and click :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries`
to post this expense to the accounting journal.

Invoice expenses
================

To invoice a customer for an :ref:`expense on a sales order
<sales/invoicing/add-expenses-sales-order>`, navigate to the related sales order, either from the

> *Sales* app or from the expense report in the *Expenses* app. From the expense report, click the
> :menuselection:`Sales Orders` smart button at the top of the page.

Reviewer: Menuselection and guilabel use
```suggestion
:menuselection:`Sales` app or from the expense report in the :menuselection:`Expenses` app. From the
expense report, click the :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button at the top of the page.
```

After adding the :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` column to the headers on the :guilabel:`Products`
tab of the purchase order form, proceed to add the product(s) to the purchase order. To do that,
click :guilabel:`Add a product`, and select the desired product from the drop-down menu. Repeat for
all the products to add.

.. important::
   In order for a purchase to be properly invoiced on a sales order, the product on the purchase
   order **must** be marked as :guilabel:`Can be Expensed`, have an :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` set
   to :guilabel:`Delivered quantities`, and have the :guilabel:`At cost` option selected in the
   :guilabel:`Re-Invoice Expenses` field on its product form.

   .. image:: time_materials/product-form-settings-invoice-purchase.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Product settings for a purchase order to be invoiced on a sales order in Odoo.

Then, select the appropriate :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` associated with the sales order to
which this purchase order is related. To do that, click the empty :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`
field to reveal an :guilabel:`Analytic` pop-up window.

> Then, from the :guilabel:`Departments` drop-down menu select the analytic distribution associated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, from the :guilabel:`Departments` drop-down menu, select the analytic distribution associated
```

Once all the information is entered in the :guilabel:`Products` tab of the purchase order, confirm
the order by clicking :guilabel:`Confirm Order`. Then, click :guilabel:`Receive Products` when the
products have been received. This creates a receipt form.

.. note::
   If any serial/lot numbers must be entered before validating the receipt of products, then on the
   receipt form, click the :guilabel:`details` icon represented by four horizontal lines located to
   the far-right of the product line.

   This reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` tab, in which the necessary :guilabel:`Lot/Serial
   Number(s)` and :guilabel:`Done` quantity can be added. When ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to
   confirm the data.

Then, click :guilabel:`Validate` to validate the purchase order.

Next, return to the purchase order, via the breadcrumb links at the top of the page, and click
:guilabel:`Create Bill` to create a vendor bill that can be invoiced to the customer on the attached
sales order.

.. image:: time_materials/vendor-bill-draft.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Vendor bill draft for a purchase order to be invoiced to a customer in Odoo.

> .. tip::

Reviewer 2: I think this would make a little more sense as a note
```suggestion
.. note::
```

   Make sure to enter a :guilabel:`Bill Date` on the :guilabel:`Vendor Bill Draft` before
   confirming. If a :guilabel:`Bill Date` is *not* entered, an error window appears, requesting that
   information to be entered before confirmation can occur.

Then, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the vendor bill, which is then automatically added to the
sales order, where it can be invoiced directly to the customer attached to it.

Invoice purchase
================

To invoice a customer for a purchase on a sales order, first :ref:`add the purchase to the sales
order <sales/invoicing/add-purchase-to-sales-order>`, then navigate to the desired sales order in

> the *Sales* app.

Reviewer: Directing the user calls for a menuselection
```suggestion
the :menuselection:`Sales` app.
```

On the sales order that was attached to the purchase order, the purchased product now has its own
product line under the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and it is ready to be invoiced.

.. image:: time_materials/purchase-order-on-sales-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Purchase order product on sales order to be invoiced to customer via Odoo Sales.

To invoice the customer for the purchase, simply click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, select
:guilabel:`Regular Invoice` from the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window, then click
:guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice`.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Customer Invoice Draft` with the newly-added purchase order product in
the :guilabel:`Invoice Lines` tab.

.. image:: time_materials/draft-invoice-with-purchase-product.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Customer invoice draft with purchase product attached to sales order in Odoo.

To complete the invoicing process, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the invoice, and then click

> :guilabel:`Register Payment` via the :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Register Payment` in the :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form.
```

Invoice based on time and materials
===================================

Invoicing that is based on time and/or materials is typically used during instances where it isn't
possible to accurately estimate the size of a project, or when it's difficult to predict when the
requirements of a project may change.

This is different from a fixed-price contract, wherein the owner agrees to pay the contractor a
grand total for the fulfillment of the contract -- no matter what the contractors need to pay their

> employees, sub-contractors, vendors, and/or suppliers.

Author: I agree with this suggestion, but I changed the "etc." to "and so on."

To best describe the use of invoicing based on time and materials using the Odoo *Sales* app, the
following will depict an example shown through the point of a view of a consultant. In this example,
from the viewpoint of a consultant, the documentation will describe how to invoice for time, various
expenses (e.g. transport, lodging, etc.), as well as purchases needed to fulfill an order.

Invoice time configuration
==========================

First, in order to accurately keep track of the progress of a project, the Odoo *Project* and
*Accounting* apps **must** be installed.

To install the *Project* app, navigate to :menuselection:`Main Odoo dashboard --> Apps`. Then,
on the :guilabel:`Apps` page, locate the :guilabel:`Project` app block, and click
:guilabel:`Activate`. The page automatically refreshes and returns to the main Odoo dashboard, where
the :guilabel:`Project` app is now available to access.

Repeat that process to install the *Accounting* application.

After installing, click the :guilabel:`Accounting` app icon from the main Odoo dashboard, and

> navigate to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`. On the :guilabel:`Settings` page, scroll

Author: Yeah, I fully understand what you're saying here. And, usually, I do that same thing, as well.

But, for the sake of keeping things fresh (and still easy to follow), I went with this route, and think it still works. However, if it makes it to the Final Round of review, and this comes up again, I'll be sure to readjust it. But, again, I completely understand (and appreciate) this suggestion.

box beside the :guilabel:`Timesheets` feature (if it's not already checked).

Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

.. image:: time_materials/timesheets-feature.png
   :align: center
   :alt: What the Timesheets feature looks like on the Odoo Project settings page.

Configure service products
==========================

With the *Timesheets* feature activated in the *Project* app, it is now possible to invoice for time
spent on a project, but **only** when the following product configurations have been made.

.. important::
   Invoicing for time spent on a project is **only** possible with product's that have *Service* set
   as the *Product Type* on their product form.

To do that, first navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products`. On the
:guilabel:`Products` page, select the desired service product to be configured.

From the service product detail form, in the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, ensure the
:guilabel:`Product Type` is set to :guilabel:`Service`. Then, open the drop-down menu in the
:guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` field, and select :guilabel:`Based on Timesheets`.

> Next, from the :guilabel:`Create on Order` drop-down menu, select :guilabel:`Project & Task`. That

Author: Very interesting - and awesome eye for detail 👍 I just double-checked, and it appears to be *without* that underscore in the Visual Editor, but I'll keep an eye out and make any necessary changes if things look differently when this PR is merged.

   the newly-revealed :guilabel:`Project` field drop-down menu, which only appears if
   :guilabel:`Task` is chosen in the :guilabel:`Create on Order` field.

Add time spent to sales order
=============================

After properly configuring a service product with the correct *Invoicing Policy* and *Create on
Order* options, it is possible to add time spent to a sales order.

To see that in action, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> New` to open a blank quotation
form. Then, proceed to add a :guilabel:`Customer`, and in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, click
:guilabel:`Add a product`, and select the properly configured service product from the drop-down
menu.

Next, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the order.

After confirming the sales order, two smart buttons appear at the top of the order form:
:guilabel:`Projects` and :guilabel:`Tasks`.

.. image:: time_materials/projects-tasks-smart-buttons.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How the Projects and Tasks smart buttons look on a Sales Order in Odoo Sales.

If the :guilabel:`Projects` smart button is clicked, it reveals the specific project related to this

> sales order. If the :guilabel:`Tasks` smart button is clicked, it reveals the specific project task

Author: Interesting question. The name of the smart button is pluralized, so I think I'm going to leave that as-is, but again, if it comes up again in the Final Round of review for this PR, I'll be sure to change things accordingly. Great catch, though! 👍

To complete the invoice, click :guilabel:`Confirm`, and complete the invoicing process.

Expenses configuration
======================

In order to track and invoice expenses related to a sales order, the Odoo *Expenses* app **must** be
installed.

To install the *Expenses* app, navigate to :menuselection:`Main Odoo dashboard --> Apps`. Then,
on the :guilabel:`Apps` page, locate the :guilabel:`Expenses` app block, and click
:guilabel:`Activate`. The page automatically refreshes and returns to the main Odoo dashboard, where
the :guilabel:`Expenses` app is now available to access.

Add expenses to sales order
===========================

To add an expense to a sales order, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Expenses` app. Then, from
the main *Expenses* dashboard, click :guilabel:`New`, which reveals a blank expense detail form.

On the expense form, add a :guilabel:`Description` of the expense (e.g. Hotel Stay, Plane Ticket,
etc.). Next, in the :guilabel:`Category` field, select the approrpiate option from the drop-down
menu (e.g. Meals, Miles, Travel & Accomodation, etc.)

.. note::
   Expense categories can be added and modified in the *Expenses* app by navigating to

>    :menuselection:`Expenses app --> Configuration --> Expense Categories`.

Reviewer 3: If you want- I have a doc you can link here! The new expenses doc. It is still in review, but it would be great to add =)

Author: Right on. I'll be sure to keep this in mind as it makes its way through the review process.

Then, enter the total amount of the expense in the :guilabel:`Total` field, as well as any
:guilabel:`Included Taxes` that may apply. Next, ensure that the correct :guilabel:`Employee` is
selected, and designate who paid for the expense in the :guilabel:`Paid By` field: the
:guilabel:`Employee (to reimburse)` or :guilabel:`Company`.

Next, in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field, select the appropriate sales order from the
drop-down menu. Then, select that same sales order information from the :guilabel:`Analytic
Distribution` field, as well.

.. image:: time_materials/expense-detail-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to properly fill out an expense form that's attached to a sales order in Odoo.

If there are any receipts that should be uploaded and attached to the expense, click the
:guilabel:`Attach Receipt` button, and upload the necessary documents to the expense. However, that

> is **not** required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
is **not** required, but that may affect whether or not an expense is approved or not.
```

this is not needed but you might want to add that.

Then, there's the option to either :guilabel:`Submit to Manager` for approval, or :guilabel:`Report
in Next Payslip`. To showcase a complete flow in this example, select :guilabel:`Submit to Manager`,
then click :guilabel:`Approve` -- which is what a manager would do when approving expenses. Lastly,
click :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries`.

Invoice expenses
================

To invoice a customer for an expense on a sales order, navigate to the attached sales order, via the
:menuselection:`Sales` smart button at the top of the :guilabel:`Expense Report Summary` (or via the
*Sales* application).

Once on the sales order form, the newly-configured expense now has its own line in the
:guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and can be invoiced to the customer.

.. image:: time_materials/invoice-expense-from-sales-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An expense appearing on Order Lines tab of a Sales Order in Odoo Sales application.

To invoice the customer for the expense on the sales order, click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, select
:guilabel:`Regular Invoice` from the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window, then click
:guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice`.

> Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Customer Invoice Draft` for the expense, which can be confirmed by

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Customer Invoice Draft` for the expense. 
```

> clicking the :guilabel:`Confirm` button. Then, the invoicing process can be completed as usual.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to confirm the invoice. Then, the invoicing process can be completed as usual.
```

:guilabel:`Activate`. The page automatically refreshes and returns to the main Odoo dashboard, where
the :guilabel:`Purchase` app is now available to access.

Add purchase to sales order
===========================

To add a purchase to a sales order, a purchase order must first be created. To create a purchase
order, navigate to :menuselection:`Purchase app --> New` to reveal a blank purchase order form.

First, add a :guilabel:`Vendor` to the purchase order. Then, under the :guilabel:`Products` tab,
click the :guilabel:`extra column options` drop-down menu, represented by two horizontal lines with
dots on them, located to the far-right of the column headers. From that drop-down menu, select
:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`.

.. image:: time_materials/extra-column-analytic-distribution-option.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to add analytic distribution column on purchase order form in Odoo Purchase.

After adding the :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` column to the headers on the :guilabel:`Products`
tab of the purchase order form, proceed to add the product(s) to the purchase order. To do that,

> click :guilabel:`Add a product`, and select the desired product from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
click :guilabel:`Add a product`, and select the desired product from the drop-down menu. Repeat for all the products to add.
```

      :alt: Product settings for a purchase order to be invoiced on a sales order in Odoo.

Then, select the appropriate :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` associated with the sales order to
which this purchase order is related. To do that, click the empty :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`
field to reveal an :guilabel:`Analytic` pop-up window.

Then, from the :guilabel:`Departments` drop-down menu select the analytic distribution associated
with the desired sales order to be invoiced for the purchase.

.. image:: time_materials/analytic-drop-down-distribution.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to select the Analytic Distribution department from a purchase order in Odoo.

Once all the information is entered in the :guilabel:`Products` tab of the purchase order, proceed
to confirm the order by clicking :guilabel:`Confirm Order`. Then, click :guilabel:`Receive
Products`.

.. note::
   If any serial/lot numbers must be entered before validation, click the :guilabel:`details` icon,
   represented by four horizontal lines, located to the far-right of the product line to reveal a
   :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` tab, in which the necessary :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number(s)` and

>    :guilabel:`Done` quantity can be added.

Reviewer 3: Can link  to a doc about receiving items with serial numbers as well.

Author: I'll keep this in mind, as well. I'll look for one, and if I find a solid doc for this, I'll add it in right away. Thanks for the awesome suggestion!

When ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the data and return to the purchase order. Then,

> click :guilabel:`Validate` to validate the purchase order.

Reviewer 3: Since you repeat Purchase Order a lot you cud use the abbreviation mark-up so these all read as PO (can do this for sales orders too)

> Next, return to the purchase order, via the breadcrumb links at the top of the page, and click

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, return to the purchase order via the breadcrumb links at the top of the page, and click
```

   :guilabel:`Re-Invoice Expenses` field on its product form.

   .. image:: time_materials/product-form-settings-invoice-purchase.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Product settings for a purchase order to be invoiced on a sales order in Odoo.

Then, select the appropriate :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` associated with the sales order to
which this purchase order is related. To do that, click the empty :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`
field to reveal an :guilabel:`Analytic` pop-up window.

Then, from the :guilabel:`Departments` drop-down menu select the analytic distribution associated
with the desired sales order to be invoiced for the purchase.

.. image:: time_materials/analytic-drop-down-distribution.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to select the Analytic Distribution department from a purchase order in Odoo.

Once all the information is entered in the :guilabel:`Products` tab of the purchase order, proceed
to confirm the order by clicking :guilabel:`Confirm Order`. Then, click :guilabel:`Receive
Products`.

.. note::
   If any serial/lot numbers must be entered before validation, click the :guilabel:`details` icon,

>    represented by four horizontal lines, located to the far-right of the product line to reveal a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   represented by four horizontal lines located to the far-right of the product line. This reveals a
```

   :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` tab, in which the necessary :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number(s)` and

>    :guilabel:`Done` quantity can be added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Done` quantity can be added. When ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the data.
```

> When ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the data and return to the purchase order. Then,
> click :guilabel:`Validate` to validate the purchase order.

Reviewer 2: Moved the sentence about confirming up into the Note, since it's a continuation of that flow. Also, we're validating the receipt form, not the purchase order (we already confirmed the purchase order).
```suggestion
Then,
click :guilabel:`Validate` to validate the receipt.
```

Next, return to the purchase order, via the breadcrumb links at the top of the page, and click
:guilabel:`Create Bill` to create a vendor bill that can be invoiced to the customer on the attached
sales order.

.. image:: time_materials/vendor-bill-draft.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Vendor bill draft for a purchase order to be invoiced to a customer in Odoo.

.. tip::
   Make sure to enter a :guilabel:`Bill Date` on the :guilabel:`Vendor Bill Draft` before
   confirming. If a :guilabel:`Bill Date` is *not* entered, an error window appears, requesting that
   information to be entered before confirmation can occur.

Then, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the vendor bill, which is then automatically added to the
sales order, where it can be invoiced directly to the customer attached to it.

Invoice purchase
================

> To invoice a customer for a purchase on a sales order, navigate to the desired sales order in the

Reviewer 2: For "add the purchase to the sales order," it would be great to link to the previous section "Add purchase to sales order". This will be great for someone skimming the doc.

It would be great if you could do this at the beginning of the other "Invoice..." sections as well ("Invoice time spent" and "Invoice expenses"). We want to make this doc readable/usable for people who are skimming and not following the entire flow of the doc
```suggestion
To invoice a customer for a purchase on a sales order, first add the purchase to the sales order, then navigate to the desired sales order in the
```

*Sales* app.

> On the sales order that was attached to the purchase order, the purchase product now has its own
> product line under the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and its ready to be invoiced.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the sales order that was attached to the purchase order, the purchased product now has its own
product line under the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and it is ready to be invoiced.
```

.. image:: time_materials/purchase-order-on-sales-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Purchase order product on sales order to be invoiced to customer via Odoo Sales.

To invoice the customer for the purchase, simply click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, select
:guilabel:`Regular Invoice` from the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window, then click
:guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice`.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Customer Invoice Draft` with the newly-added purchase order product in
the :guilabel:`Invoice Lines` tab.

.. image:: time_materials/draft-invoice-with-purchase-product.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Customer invoice draft with purchase product attached to sales order in Odoo.

> To complete the invoice, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the invoice, and click
> :guilabel:`Register Payment` to complete the process, via the :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To complete the invoicing process, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the invoice, and then click
:guilabel:`Register Payment` via the :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up
```
